what the fuck are you doing here double
cross tossed into a sell-off in sonic
age and betrayed Wycoff and the what is
backtracked some rat just hitting off
with the smacking of Plagueis man I go
Ajax spent two years ducking away and
leaving sokka's bleeding pocket on my
bruised and beaten me traded like sky
waiting in a Cell cold waiting for the
day dude escaping this hellhole sold out
boys man Saunders undercover law
enforcement it didn't go according to
plan he got left in the lurch shit to
take it as a mistake another lesson
learned
burn bridges deserter working in the
business continued nerves to shit
element crimson speeches scheming
beaches you bring a grown man to tears
and have you're asking what the fuck are
you doing here rockers and drive doctors
they can't stop us the street to our
office and our office is too hard to
review so I asking you to walk the pipe
in their shoes fuck Arab coppers and
drag doctors they can't stop us the
street to hell
and our others are too hard to reduce so
I asking you to walk the pipe in their
shoes human nature human body for a
short e oil Topsy rider down on some
paper a coroner's job and a forensic
photographer I honestly lost us to
remember that coppers car leave me
stranded the cyclist orders a bag of the
smacking speaking into recorders at the
station in the group happy facing and
steep the blue for the Burgess should
play and we mistaken always doing work
with a boy boy can't believe I'm sitting
here an answer with new toys always
innocent
let me stranded in a prison with a
mission unfinished you must be getting
ridiculous outcomes for now that I'm
outside I'll make it my main aim clear
my name brainerd out one person believes
me I'm ready you see like the Corbin
Apple I tackle battles in 3d baccarat
coppers and drug doctors I can't stop
this the street to hell office and now
officer too hard to review so I asking
you to walk the pop in their shoes rock
the rock coffers and drive doctors they
can't stop us the street to our office
and now officer too hard to refuse so I
asking you to walk the pop in your shoes
too
what the fuck are you doing here here